Clarify buildpack description even more (#385)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/concepts/components/buildpack.md

## What is a buildpack?

> A buildpack is a set of scripts that inspects your app source code and creates a plan to build and run your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A buildpack is a set of executables that inspects your app source code and create a plan to build and run your
```

application.

<!--more-->

Typical buildpacks consist of at least three files:

* `buildpack.toml` -- provides metadata about your buildpack
* `bin/detect` -- determines whether buildpack should be applied
* `bin/build` -- executes build logic

#### Meta-buildpack

There is a different type of buildpack commonly referred to as a **meta-buildpack**. It contains only a 
`buildpack.toml` file with an `order` configuration that references other buildpacks. This is useful for 
composing more complex detection strategies.

## Buildpack phases

> These are two essential steps that allow buildpacks to create a runnable image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two essential steps that allow buildpacks to create a runnable image.
```

Author: I intentionally wrote this way as I thought that it would not repeat that is already stated in the header, but I am not proficient at the language. ) Fixed.

#### Detect

To determine which buildpack should be used to build your app, a [`platform`](platform) sequentially tests a group of

> buildpacks against your source. The first buildpack that claims that it can build your sources will become selected.

Reviewer: This may not always be true. The first buildpack group is selected but there could possibly be multiple buildpacks in that group that can build your source code.

Author: On Heroku I only used one buildpack for one build. This group logic is something new. It deserves a separate paragraph to keep it simple. Maybe it is documented somewhere already? How buildpacks share results of the build? Who creates the final image and packs artifacts then?

Reviewer: They all work together to create the output image. See https://buildpacks.io/docs/reference/spec/buildpack-api/#build-plan

Reviewer: I am not too sure about how heroku uses CNB but I think they also allow multiple buildpacks https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/using-multiple-buildpacks-for-an-app

Author: @samj1912 it looks like there is no obligation for the `buildpack` to provide build plan. And even if it provides, it just to pass info from own `detect` to own `build`, and further orchestration of buildpacks is the role of `lifecycle` tool, so I think it is okay to omit this here.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @samj1912, this sentence may be very misleading:

> The first buildpack that claims that it can build your sources will become selected.

It's really more like the "first group of buildpacks that claim they can..."

Author: @jromero I am lost. How can a "group of buildpacks" collectively determine if they fit? Is it still `platform` that selects multiple buildpacks based on their individual responses? Or what is the "consensus algorithm" that makes buildpacks determine that they can only do this build together?

It is possible to document the simple case and then adjust for a more complicated scenario, which I believe needs a separate page.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the delay. You can learn more about how buildpacks groups work here: https://buildpacks.io/docs/concepts/components/buildpack-group/

I agree with the sentiment that we could document a simple case and add more complicated scenarios later but the sentence in question is just wrong based on the existing functionality. 

A simple change from:

> The first buildpack that claims that it can build your sources will become selected.

To:

> The first group of buildpacks that claim to be able to build your sources will be used.

Should resolve the apprehension.

Reviewer 2: Looking back at was originally there, I think that makes good enough sense. If the reader needs more clarification, then maybe we can refer them to https://buildpacks.io/docs/concepts/components/buildpack-group/.

> The `platform` does this by running `bin/detect` with a path to your source code, and expects the script to return 0

Reviewer: I think this line might be confusing in the context of buildpack groups and matching up of provisions and requirements within the group.

Author: Buildpack groups is more or less clear. Maybe it needs a separate page though.  But the matching up of provisions and requirements within the group is not. Can you explain what is it?

Reviewer: Some details are available at https://buildpacks.io/docs/reference/spec/buildpack-api/#build-plan

but essentially it requires all the buildpacks in the group to require everything that is provided by other buildpacks before them. Otherwise the group fails at detection.

Author: As for me, this definitely needs a separate page describing the scenario of multiple buildpacks.

Reviewer 2: In addition to @samj1912 comments, "expects the script to return 0" seems to low-level of a detail for this page.
